       -e, --extract

           --db, --dbtype
               This is the same as the outermost dbtype option.

           -c, --connect
               Specify a database connection string. This may be provided
               instead of all of the individual details like database name,
               host, etc.

           -d, --database
               Specify the name of the database to which we will connect. This
               can be provided instead of the connect option, or as well as.
               If both are provided the database name is appended to whatever
               value was given for connect.

           -h, --hostname
               Specify the hostname for the database server to which we will
               connect. This may be a server name or an ip address. This can
               be provided instead of the connect option, or as well as. If
               both are provided the database name is appended to whatever
               value was given for connect.

           -p, --port
               Specify the port to which we will connect. This can be provided
               instead of the connect option, or as well as. If both are
               provided the database name is appended to whatever value was
               given for connect.

           -u, --username
               Specify the username to be used for the database connection.
               This can be provided instead of the connect option, or as well
               as. If both are provided the database name is appended to
               whatever value was given for connect. Note that postgres allows
               the username to default to the connected user, so this
               parameter is entirely optional.

           --pass, --password
               Specify the password to be used for the database connection.
               This can be provided instead of the connect option, or as well
               as. If both are provided the database name is appended to
               whatever value was given for connect. Note that postgres allows
               some users to connect without passwords, so this parameter is
               entirely optional.

           Connect to the specified database and generate an XML stream
           describing each database object.

